

My name is Shaquanna parker contacting asking for help on my non. Profit organization I called to provide im spiritual and I provide healing readings, I promote self love and healing from childhood trauma I healed with my handmade natural herb products I've had a tough childhood and been through the struggle I can relate to just about anything. I am a testimony and I'm ready to share my story and use my gift and creativity to help heal the community to help and love the children more the next generation I'm all about unity and learning history I paint, sing, knit, cook, write, taught myself reiki, yoga, meditation, anger control etc.
I'm from the ghetto so I can relate to the teens leaving in proverty. My mission is to out love,education,sports, childhood, healing, peace back in the community I'm from Savannah ga but my plan is to touch others virally by them seeing what I can bring together. My goal is a YMCA for the youth to come learn how to swim, cook, knit, paint, get them back outside in sports make my own teams boys n girls basketball,football,tennis,soccer, etc teach them yoga and meditation to control there anger to calm some of the violence I started my own vent line people called and trusted me with their problems and love and respected my advice. I wanna do healing nights for the single moms and vent sections nights like women empowerment nights at the center to get women heal and to stop hating each other see the beauty in themselves and love themselves. If women heal everything else heals around them they'll be better people, wives, and moms. My business is about knowing on self and God getting rid of hurt and pain. I also work with mental health, I want a center and store for healing All.. the center will have a computer room, art room, music room, history room, sewing room, gardening room, science,math, ancient language class and sign language. I also wanna help the homeless and low income community. I feel if they know and hear my stories and know I went through it so I understand and I wanna teach that change is possible, love is possible, and with God Anything is possible.. I already have a social media crowd that loves trust and understand me I'm no sinners any longer nor a saint and people love that about me I'm energetic with many ideas that I know can help change and heal many all over with the right help. I want a affordable after hours daycare to help mother's in need to ease most of the stress of being a single mom. I wanna work with the group homes start a You're not Forgotten fundraiser for them. Get them involved in it all as well start a rape and abuse foundation. Podcast, and different social media outlets to reach a wide audience. I have the dream, the ability and even a team but just not the locations or funds 
I even wanna start a music, video and photography programs. Special needs,  etc start a low income car programs, PTSD is real in single mother and their my main missions start a sports programs and big brother program for boys that don't have dad's. I am capable of all this because I can' relate to it all. If you like any of this please email me at kudaback23@gmail.com




